Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Ref. No.: WOCK/SEC/SE/2025-26/024
## 28 July, 2025

BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Corporate Relations Department
Exchange Plaza
P J Towers Bandra Kurla Complex
Dalal Street Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400 001
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Code: 532300
NSE Symbol: WOCKPHARMA

Dear Sir/Madam,

## Subject: Submission pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") - Press Release

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations, please find enclosed Press Release —“Leading U.K. Medical Journal publishes a Complex Case of Severe Pan-drug Resistant Infection in U.S. Liver Transplant Patient Successfully Treated with Zaynich (Zidebactam/Cefepime, WCK 5222)”.

A copy of the same will also be uploaded on the Company's website www.wockhardt.com
Kindly take the same on record please.

Thanking you,
For Wockhardt Limited

Rashmi _ Pisitally signed
by Rashmi

Dinesh Dinesh Mamtura
Date: 2025-07-28
Mamtura 08:27:55 +05'30'

Rashmi Mamtura
Company Secretary

Encls: A/a

# Wockhardt Limited
Registered Office:
D-4, MIDC, Chikalthana
Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar
431006, India
Tel.: +91-22-2653 4444

## PRESS RELEASE

"Zaynich's SS.22: Leading U.K. Medical Journal publishes a Complex Case of Severe Pan-drug Resistant Infection in U.S. Liver Transplant Patient Successfully Treated with Zaynich (Zidebactam/Cefepime, WCK 5222)"

Mumbai, July 28, 2025

Leading U.K. Medical Journal publishes a Complex Case of Severe Pan-drug Resistant Infection in U.S. Liver Transplant Patient Successfully Treated with Zaynich (Zidebactam/Cefepime, WCK 5222)

A clinically challenging case involving Wockhardt's novel antibiotic Zaynich was recently published in the July 17, 2025 issue of the Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy — AMR, a leading publication by the British Society for Antimicrobial Chemotherapy. The publication details the successful use of Zaynich, a combination of Zidebactam and Cefepime, in treating a critically ill U.S. liver transplant patient suffering from a pan-drug resistant infection—an infection resistant to all available antibiotics in the United States. This case report is jointly authored by US clinicians from leading hospitals, Houston Methodist Hospital, Weill Cornell Medical College and Johns Hopkins.

Notably, this patient was infected with two different pathogens — Pseudomonas and Klebsiella, both resistant to all the recently introduced antibiotics such as cefiderocol, ceftazidime/avibactam, ceftolozane/tazobactam, imipenem/relebactam. The case report detailed the results of genetic analysis of bacterial DNA and determined that Pseudomonas and Klebsiella harbored 4 distinct resistance mechanisms each leading to pan-drug resistance. Initially, the patient was treated for 10 weeks with cefiderocol and eravacycline (a novel tetracycline antibiotic), but the infection persisted, and the Pseudomonas strain became resistant to cefiderocol.

The patient continued to suffer from fever and chills, and imaging tests showed new abscesses in the liver — clear signs that the infection was not under control. Given the high risk of transplant failure due to these MDR infections, a multidisciplinary team, including microbiologists, infectious disease experts, oncologists, and transplant surgeons, sought emergency access to Zaynich. The antibiotic was administered for 14 days around the time of the liver transplant. The results were remarkable - within 11 days, the patient improved clinically and transferred from ICU to regular floor, and follow-up imaging showed no signs of active infection. Importantly, the patient remained infection-free even after six weeks of completing treatment with Zaynich, making liver transplant successful and allowing doctors to safely resume chemotherapy for the underlying cancer.

The authors highlighted the role of Zaynich as a potential treatment option for extensively drug resistant infections with extremely limited/no treatment options.

## About Zaynich (Zidebactam/Cefepime, WCK 5222)

Zaynich is a novel, proprietary antibiotic developed by Wockhardt, combining Zidebactam and Cefepime to combat multi-drug resistant Gram-negative infections. The drug recently completed a global, pivotal Phase III clinical trial, which will support its marketing authorization across international markets. Prior to this, multiple Phase I clinical pharmacology studies involving the Zidebactam/Cefepime combination were successfully conducted in the United States. Zaynich has also completed a multi-indication clinical study in India, specifically targeting carbapenem-resistant infections. To date, more than 50 patients in India and the U.S. suffering from highly resistant infections have been treated with Zaynich under compassionate use programs.

## About Wockhardt's Drug Discovery portfolio

For over 27 years, Wockhardt has been at the forefront of antibiotic innovation, focusing its drug discovery efforts on combating multi-drug resistant infections. This commitment has resulted in a strong pipeline of six antibiotics at various stages of clinical development and commercialization—all of which have been granted Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) designation by the U.S. FDA. Three of these novel antibiotics are already approved for clinical use, while two more are in the final stages of development.

USFDA QIDP status: 6 ANTI-BACTERIALS

Wockhardt is employing around ~2900 people and 27 nationalities with presence in USA, UK, Ireland, Switzerland, France, Mexico, Russia and many other countries. It has manufacturing and research facilities in India & UK and a manufacturing facility in Ireland. Wockhardt has a significant presence in Europe and India, with ~77% of its global revenues coming from international businesses.