Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# GABRIEL ANANED
## HLAAS

### Date: July 29, 2025

### BSE Limited

25th Floor, P. J. Towers,
Dalal Street,

MUMBAI - 400 001
(Company Code: 505714)

### National Stock Exchange of India Limited
#### Exchange Plaza, Sandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E),

MUMBAI - 400 051
(Company Code: GABRIEL)

### Sub: Outcome of Board Meeting

### Ref: Regulation 30(2) and 33 of (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)

Dear Sirs,

Please note that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company was held on Tuesday, July 29, 2025, at 10:50 AM and was concluded at 1:00 P.M.

In terms of SEBI Listing Regulations, we would like to inform you that:

The Board of Directors of the Company has approved the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. A copy of the same along with the Limited Review Reports received from the Statutory Auditors is enclosed.

We request you to take the above information on record and kindly acknowledge receipt.

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,

For Gabriel India Limited
Digitally signed
by NILESH KUMAR

KUMAR note: 2025.07.28

date: 07.
JAIN 13:08:03 +05'30'
Nilesh Jain

Company Secretary
Email Id: secretarial@gabriel.co.in

### Encl:
1. Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results
2. Limited Review Reports

### Registered Office:

Gabriel India Limited

29th Milestone, Pune-Nashik Highway,
Taluka Khed, Village Kuruli, Distt. Pune
410 501 Maharashtra India

T: +91 2135 610700, 610757
www.gabrielindia.com

CIN: L34101PN1961PLC015735

### Registered office

GABRIEL INDIA LIMITED
23rd Milestone,
Gabriel “an
Village Kuruli, Taluka Khed,
Pune - 410501 !

CIN- L34201PNI961PLCORS7IS

# STATEMENT OF STANDALONE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE QUARTER ENDED JUNE 30, 2025

| Amount in Rs., Nationally} | To the ended Year ended
| S.No. Particulars | 30.06.2025, 31.03.2025 | 30.06.2024 |
| (Unaudited) [Unaudited] | (Audited) |
| Income ' | 9,845.50 | 9,308.73 | 8,602.40 | 36,432.90 |
| a Other income | 6,269.00 | 5,691.00 | 29,932.00 |
| Total income (Home) | 35,141.90 | 9,375.64 | 71,588.02 |

### Expenses
Cost of materials consumed | 7,164.00 | 6,991.35 | 6,267.03 | 27,075.70 |
Purchases of stock-in-trade gas | 10,800.00 | 9,393.00 | 407.21 |
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock in-trade | 416.00 | (163.64) | 106.00 | (251.00) |
Employee benefits expense | 669.00 | 28.00 | 93.59 | 2,316.00 |
Depreciation and amortisation expense | 19,140.00 | 16,491.00 | 15,837.90 | 63,258.00 |
Other expenses | 1,036.00 | 98.00 | 930.60 | 3,664.25 |
Finance costs | 1S.66 | 1136.70 | 407.79 |

### Profit before tax (We-1¥) | 7,365.80 | 7,481.13 | 2,847.25 |
### Tax expense
Current tax | 20,004.00 | 191.23 | 106.48 | 748.05 |
Tax expense charge / (credit) relating to prior years | 423.08)] |
Other tax | 419.49) |
Total tax expense | 7,846.57 |

### Net Profit after tax (V-VIp) | 2,118.67 |
~~ 1
### Other comprehensive income j
Wers that will not be calculated to profit or loss
Remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations | (409.00) | (33.03] |
Income tax relating to above and items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Net gain/loss on cash flow hedges
Income tax relating to above.
Other comprehensive income for the period/year, net of tax | 1% | Total comprehensive Income for the period/year net of tax (VII + VIII} |

### Paid up Equity share capital {Face value Rs. 1/-each)
Reserves and surplus | 11,423.85 |

### x. | Earnings per equity share (nominal value of Rs. 1/- each) basic and Diluted (Rs.) | 1475

These financial results have been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard 34 “Other Comprehensive Income” (Ind AS 34},
Prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, and other accounting principles

The above results have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors in that meeting held on July 29, 2025

### The Board of Directors of the Company had accorded its approval for execution of joint venture agreement (the ‘Agreement’) between Inalfa Roof Systems BV. of the Netherlands (“Inalfa”) and the
Company, pursuant to which the shareholding of Inalfa and the Company in Inalfa Gabriel Sunroof Systems Private Limited would be in the ratio of 51:49 in accordance with the terms contained
therein, The execution of the agreement was subjected to certain pre-requisite approvals from Ministry of Heavy Industries, Government of India (the ‘Authorities’) for which an application was
made by Inalfa. The Authorities vide communication dated August 14, 2024 had rejected the application made by Inalfa. The Company is currently evaluating the same and will provide updates to
the stock exchange in the due course

### [As the Company's business activity talk: within 3 2p " P parts. : required to be disclosed]

‘On January 24, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company had accorded its approval for execution of Asset Purchase Agreement (the ‘Agreement’) with Marelli Motherson Auto Suspension Parts!
Private Limited (“MMAS”), Marelli Europe Sp A, and Samvardhana Motherson International Limited, for the acquisition of identified assets of MMAS relating to the manufacturing of passive shock]
absorbers, struts and gas dampers, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions at an agreed consideration of Rs. 21.39 million. All the conditions specified in the Agreement were duly]
satisfied, and the Company has completed the acquisition on April 01, 2025 The Company has accounted for the above acquisition as Business Combination under IND AS 103 “Business|
Combinations" The Purchase Price Allocation (“PPA”) as at June 30, 2025 is on a provisional basis based on the estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Based on the PPA, the excess of fair
valuation of the assets acquired in acquisition over the consideration resulted into recognition of capital reserve (in other equity) of Rs. 56.83 million

### The Board of Directors has, at its meeting held on June 30, 2025, approved (subject to the requisite regulatory and other approvals) 2 Composite Scheme of Arrangement (the “Scheme") involving]
the merger of business undertaking of Anchemco India Private Limited (Fellow subsidiary] to Asia Investments Private Limited (immediate Holding Company) and subsequently, demerger and}
transfer of Automotive Undertaking of Asia investments Private Limited as defined in the Scheme to the Company. The Company Is currently in the process of filing the abovementioned approval for the|
Scheme under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (LODR] Regulations and Sections 230 to 232 read with relevant provisions and applicable rules of the Companies Act, 2013

### The Board of Directors of the Company have accorded its approval in the Board meeting dated July 09, 2025 to enter into a Joint Venture Agreement and Share Subscription Agreement with Jinos
Ca, Ltd , a corporation incorporated under the laws of South Korea (“Jinos”) for subscription of equity shares of Jinhap Automotive India Private Limited (“JAIPL") to undertake the business of
engineering. designing, developing, manufacturing, import, export, assembly, marketing, sales and distribution of fasteners for both automotive and industrial applications.

### The figures of the quarter ended March 31, 2025 are balancing figures between audited figures in respect of the full financial year and the published year to date figures up to the December 31,
2024

For and on behalf of the Board
_ Atul Yogaleg
«Ger
>. Jaggi imagine,
Atul Joga
: Managing Director
_ : DIN 07263808

### Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

Review Report

To

The Board of Directors

Gabriel India Limited

29th Milestone, Pune-Nashik Highway,
Village Kuruli, Taluka Khed,

Pune- 410501, MaharashtraHere is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Milestone, Pune-Nashik Highway, Village Kuruli, Taluka Khed, Pune- 410501, Maharashtra.

We have reviewed the unaudited financial results of Gabriel India Limited (the “Company”) for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, which are included in the accompanying ‘Statement of Standalone Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025’ (the “Statement”).

## The Statement has been prepared by the Company pursuant to Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations, 2015”), which has been stamped by us for identification purposes.

This Statement, which is the responsibility of the Company’s Management and approved by the Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“Ind AS 34”), prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, and other accounting principles generally accepted in India.

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Statement based on our review.

### We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. This Standard requires that we plan and perform the review to obtain moderate assurance as to whether the Statement is free of material misstatement.

### A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

### Based on our review conducted as above, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Statement has not been prepared in all material respects in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in the aforesaid Indian Accounting Standard and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and has not disclosed the information required to be disclosed in terms of Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations, 2015 including the manner in which it is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material misstatement.

---

STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED UNAUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE QUARTER ENDED JUNE 30, 2025

### Income
#### Revenue from operations: ₹10,983.41
#### Other income: ₹399.97
#### Total income: ₹23,023.73,

### Expenses
#### Cost of materials consumed: ₹29,913.39
#### Purchases of stock-in-trade: ₹407.21
#### Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade: (₹221.12)
#### Employee benefits expense: ₹2,528.50
#### Depreciation and amortisation expense: ₹24,996.00
#### Other expenses: ₹4,099.17
#### Finance costs: ₹101.79

### Profit before tax:

### Tax expense
#### Current tax: ₹207.08
#### Tax expense charge/credit relating to prior years: (₹0.00)
#### Deferred tax: ₹(₹0.00)

### Profit after tax:

### Other comprehensive income
#### Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement of past-employment benefit obligations: ₹4,000.00
Income tax relating to above: ₹100.00
Tera that may be reclassified to profit or loss: ₹(₹0.00)

### Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign operations: ₹0.33

### Net gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges: ₹(₹0.00)
Income tax relating to above: ₹(₹0.00)

### Total comprehensive income for the period net of tax: ₹(₹0.00)

### Paid-up Equity share capital (Face value ₹1/- each): ₹11,689.21
#### Reserves and Surplus: ₹11,689.21
#### Earnings per Equity share (nominal value of ₹1/- each, not normalized): ₹17.08

These financial results have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) as prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 3.0 of the Company’s (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and relevant amendments thereunder

[Times above results have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors in the meeting held on July 29, 2025.
The Board of Directors of the Company had accorded its approval for execution of joint venture agreement (the ‘Agreement’) between Inalfa Roof Systems Private Limited and the Company, pursuant to which the shareholding of Inalfa and the Company is intended to be in the ratio of 51:49 as per the terms contained therein. The execution of the agreement was subject to certain pre-requisite approvals from Ministry of Heavy Industries, Government of India (the ‘Authorities’). For which an application was made by Inalfa. The Authorities vide communication dated August 14, 2024 had rejected the application made by Inalfa. The Company is currently evaluating the same and will provide updates to the stock exchange in due course

The Company has powers. ain 143 was “auto ancillary parts”, a0
[On January 24, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company had accorded its approval for execution of Asset Purchase Agreement (the ‘Agreement’) with Marelli Motherson Auto Suspension Parts Private Limited (*MMAS*), Marelli Europe S.p. A., and Semvardhana Motherson International Limited, for the acquisition of identified assets of MMAS relating to the manufacturing of passive shock absorbers, struts and gas dampers, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions at an agreed consideration of ₹521.39 million. All the conditions specified in the Agreement were duly satisfied, and the Company has completed the acquisition on April 1, 2025. The Company has accounted for the share acquisition as Business Combination under IND AS 103 “Business Combinations” The Purchase Price Allocation ("PPA") as at June 30, 2025 is on a provisional basis based on the estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Based on the PPA, the excess of fair value of the assets acquired in acquisition over the consideration resulted into recognition of capital reserve and other equity of ₹61.39 million.

The Board of Directors has, at its meeting held on June 30, 2025, approved (subject to the requisite regulatory and other approvals) a Composite Scheme of Arrangement (the “Scheme”) involving the merger of businesses undertaking of Anchemco India Private Limited (Fellow subsidiary) to Asia Investments Private Limited (Immediate Holding Company) and subsequently, demerger and transfer of Automotive Undertaking of Asia Investments Private Limited to the Company. The Company is currently in the process of filing the necessary approvals for the Scheme under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and Sections 230 to 232 read with relevant provisions and applicable rules of the Companies Act, 2019Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Review Report

To
The Board of Directors

Gabriel India Limited

29th Milestone, Pune-Nashik Highway,
Village Kuruli, Taluka Khed,

Pune- 410501, Maharashtra

## We have reviewed the consolidated unaudited financial results of Gabriel India Limited (the “Holding Company”), its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries hereinafter referred to as the “Group”) (refer paragraph 4 below) for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 which are included in the accompanying ‘Statement of Consolidated Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025’ (the “Statement”). The Statement is being submitted by the Holding Company pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations, 2015”), which has been stamped by us for identification purposes.

## This Statement, which is the responsibility of the Holding Company’s Management and has been approved by the Holding Company's Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”, prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, and other accounting principles generally accepted in India. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Statement based on our review.

## We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements CSRE) 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”, issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. This Standard requires that we plan and perform the review to obtain moderate assurance as to whether the Statement is free of material misstatement. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

We also performed procedures in accordance with the circular issued by the SEBI under Regulation 33 (8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, to the extent applicable.

## The Statement includes the results of the following entities:

| Name of the Entity | As at June 30, 2025 |
| --- | --- |
| Inalfa Gabriel Sunroof Systems Private Limited | 100% (Subsidiary) |
| Gabriel Europe Engineering Centre | 100% (Subsidiary) |

## Based on our review conducted and procedures performed as stated in paragraph 3 above, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying Statement has not been prepared in all material respects in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in the aforesaid Indian Accounting Standard and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and has not disclosed the information required to be disclosed in terms of Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations, 2015 including the manner in which it is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material misstatement.

**Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP**

7th Floor} Tower A - Wing 1, Business Bay, Airport Road, Yerwada
Pune - 411 006 \ : “ a
T: +91 (20) 69050570

Registered office and Head office: 11-A, Vishnu Digamber Marg, Sucheta Bhawan, New Delhi =-#10992—————

pre

**Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP**

6. The consolidated unaudited financial results include the interim financial information of a subsidiary which have not been reviewed by their auditors, whose interim financial information reflect total revenue of Rs. 38.64 million, total net profit after tax of Rs. 1.01 million and total comprehensive income of Rs. 1.01 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 as considered in the consolidated unaudited financial results. According to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, these interim financial information are not material to the Group.

Our conclusion on the Statement is not modified in respect of the above matter.

For **Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP**
Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016

**Neeraj Neen**

Partner

Membership Number: 108391
UDIN: 25108391BMMJGM6324
Place: Pune

Date: July 29, 2025