Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# August 02, 2025

## Manager-Listing Compliance

### BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Mumbai -400 001 Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai-400051

Scrip code: 532640 Symbol: CYBERMEDIA

### Sub.: Newspaper Advertisement regarding 43" Annual General Meeting and e-Voting process
Dear Sir/Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 47 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed copy of advertisement published in the newspapers, ‘Financial Express’ - English Edition and ‘Jansatta’ - Hindi Edition, both dated August 02, 2025, with respect to the 43" Annual General Meeting and e-Voting process of the Company.

Advertisement copy is also available on the Company’s website at www.cybermedia.co.in.
Please take the above information on your record.

Yours truly,

For Cyber Media (India) Limited
ANOOP ANOOPSINCH
SINGH Esse

Anoop Singh

Company Secretary

M. No. F8264

Cyber Media (India) Limited, Corporate Office: Cyber House, 8-35, Sector-32, Gurugram-122003, Haryana, India. Tel: +91-124-423 7517
Email: info@cybermedia.co.in, Website: www.cybermedia.co, in
Bengaluru Office: # 205, 2nd Floor, Shree Complex, 73, St. John's Road, Bengaluru-560042, Tel: +91-80-2286 8282
Mumbai Office: #326, INS Tower, Wing-B. C-63, G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex. Bandra (E). Mumbai-400051
Registered Office: D-74, Panchsheel Enclave, New Delhi-110017, India. Tel: +91-11-2649 1320. CIN: L92114DL1982PLC014334

# Saturday, August 2, 2025

WWW.FINANCIALEXPRESS.COM

FINANCIAL EXPRESS

fare not in control of my client, if anybody deals with Yasser Siddiqui & Jaiman Arshad in any manner whatsoever, will do so at his/her own risk and responsibility, my clients shall not be responsible for the same.
SACHIN DHALL (Advocate)
Off: No.9 Pocket F-3 Sector-11 Rohini Delhi-85|

& Cyberiiex:

Cyber Media (India) Limited
CIN: L92114DL1982PLC014334
Registered office: D-74, Panchsheel Enclave, New Delhi-110017. Tel.: 011-26491320
Corporate office: Cyber House, B-35, Sector-32, Gurugram-122003. Tel.: +91-124-423 7517
Email: investorcare@cybermedia.co.in. Website: www.cybermedia.co.in

# Notice of 43rd Annual General Meeting

Notice is hereby given that the 43rd Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of the Company is scheduled to be held on Monday, August 25, 2025 at 12:00 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing ("VC")/Other Audio Visual Means ("OAVM") in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act), Circular issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs ("MCA") and Securities and Exchange Board of India

# Classifieds

0040802957-1

Mohammad Juniad s/o Abdul Tavvad,R/o N-61/A,Second Floor Abul Fazal,Enclave Part-1, Jamia Nagar,Delhi-110025,have changed my name to Muhammad Junaid Permanently.

0040802958-7

i,Goytam Anand s/o Sunil ‘Anand R/o H. No. 3220, First Floor, Ranjit Nagar,Patel Nagar, New Delhi-

# The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has, vide its General Circular 09/2024 dated September 1, 2024, and SEBI Circular No. SEBUHO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 03, 2024, permitted the holding of the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") through VC / OAVM, without physical presence ‘of the members at a common venue.

# Notice of AGM and Annual Report for the financial year 2024-25 have been sent to all Members of the Company to their email addresses whose email ids are registered with the Company/Depository Participants/Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA). Electronic dispatch of the Notice and Annual Report has been completed on August 04, 2025.

Annual Report alongwith Notice of AGM is also available on the Company's website: www.cybermedia.co.in, website of stack exchanges, BSE Limited ("BSE") and National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE") at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, respectively, and website of MUFG intime India Private Limited (MUFG’) at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in.

# Instructions for remote e-voting

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2} issued by the institute of Company Secrotaries.of India, the Company is providing to its members, facility to cast their votes electronically on the businesses as set out in the Notice of AGM, proposed to be transacted at the AGM to be held on August 25, 2025. All the Members are hereby informed that the business as set out in the Notice of AGM shall be transacted through electronic means only.

The details of remote e-voting are as under:

Remote e-voting shall commence at 9:00 a.m. (IST) on Friday, August 22, 2025 and ends at 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Sunday, August 24, 2025. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by MUFG for voting thereafter.

Members who have not cast their vote through remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting during AGM.

Members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM shall be eligible to attend the AGM, however they shall not be entitled to cast their vote again at the AGM.

Member who acquired shares after sending the Annual Report through electronic means and before the cut-off date (i.e., Tuesday, August 19, 2025) may obtain User ID and Password by sending an email id: delhi@in.mpms.mufg.com. However, if the person is already registered with MUFG for remote e-voting, then the existing user id and password can be used for casting the vote.

Detailed procedure for obtaining user id and password and the instructions on the manner in which e-voting is to be cast, is provided in the Notice of AGM.

Members may contact for any query or inconvenience or grievances, if any, in voting through electronic mode at the help line of MUFG at 022-49186000 or email at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com or insta.vote@in.mpms.mufg.com.
facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM is available through the MUFG e-voting system at https://finstameet.linkintime.co.in. Detailed procedure to attend AGM through VC is given in the Notice of AGM.

By Order of the Board of For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Cyber Media (India) Limited
Sd a
New Delhi
Anoop Singh
Alendra Kumar Agarwal
Company SecretaryHere is the reformatted text in markdown:

# PUBLIC NOTICE

My client, Mr. Som Nath, son of Mc. Gopal Das, resident of 552, Ground Floor, Dr. Mukherjee Nagar, Delhi-110009, hereby disowns his son Mr. Gaurav Gumber and his wife Mrs. Honey Chopra from all his movable and immovable properties due to their quarrelsome nature.

Misconduct, inappropriate behavior, and immoral conduct. He also severs all familial, social, and legal ties with them. In the future, Mr. Gaurav Gumber and Mrs. Honey Chopra shall be solely responsible for their own actions and conduct. Mr. Som Nath and his family members shall not be held responsible in any manner whatsoever for any of their deeds or obligations.

Rishi Saini,
Cyber Media (India) Limited
CIN: L92114DL1982PLC014334
Registered office: 0-74, Panchsheel Enclave, New Delhi-110017. Tel.: 011-26491320
Corporate office: Cyber House, B-35, Sector-32, Gurugram-122003. Tel.: +91-124-4237517
Email: investorcare@cybermedia.co.in. Website: www.cybermedia.co.in

## Notice of 43rd Annual General Meeting

Notice is hereby given that the 43rd Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of the Company is scheduled to be held on Monday, August 25, 2025 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing ("VC"/Other Audio Visual Means ("OAVM") in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act'), Circular issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs ("MCA") and Securities and Exchange Board of India ('SEBI') to transact the businesses as stated in the AGM Notice dated July 25, 2025.

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has, vide its General Circular 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024, and SEBI Circular No. SEBIHO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 03, 2024, permitted the holding of the Annual General Meeting ('AGM') through VC/OAVM, without physical presence of the members at a common venue. In compliance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circular, the AGM of the members of the Company is being held through VC/OAVM. The registered office of the Company shall be deemed to be the venue for the AGM.

In compliance with the Act, Rules made thereunder and above Circulars, copies of the Notice of AGM and Annual Report for the financial year 2024-25 have been sent to all Members of the Company to their email addresses whose email ids are registered with the Company/Depository Participants/Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA). Electronic dispatch of the Notice and Annual Report has been completed on August 01, 2025. Annual Report alongwith Notice of AGM is also available on the Company's website: www.cybermedia.co.in, website of stock exchanges, BSE Limited ('BSE') and National Stock Exchange of India Limited ('NSE') at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, respectively, and website of MUFG Intime India Private Limited ('MUFG') at www.instavote.linkintime.co.in.

## Instructions for remote e-voting

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies, (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Company is providing to its members, facility to cast their votes electronically on the businesses as set out in the Notice of AGM, proposed to be transacted at the AGM to be held on August 25, 2025. All the Members are hereby informed that the business as set out in the Notice of AGM shall be transacted through electronic means only.

The details of remote e-voting are as under:

* Remote e-voting shall commence at 9:00 a.m. (IST) on Friday, August 22, 2025 and ends at 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Sunday, August 24, 2025.
* The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by MUFG for voting thereafter.
* Members who have not cast their vote through remote evoting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting during AGM.
* Members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM shall be eligible to attend the AGM, however they shall not be entitled to cast their vote again at the AGM.
* Member who acquired shares after sending the Annual Report through electronic means and before the cut-off date (i.e. Tuesday, August 19, 2025) may obtain the User ID and Password by sending an email id: delhi@in.mpms.mufg.com. However, if the person is already registered with MUFG for remote e-voting, then the existing user id and password can be used for casting the vote.
* Detailed procedure for obtaining user id and password and the instructions on the manner in which e-voting is to be cast, is provided in the Notice of AGM.
* Members may contact for any query or inconvenience or grievances, if any, in voting through electronic mode at the help line of MUFG at 022-49186000 or email at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com.or insta.vote@in.mpms.mufg.com.
* A facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM is available through the MUFG e-voting system at https://instameet.linkintime.co.in. Detailed procedure to attend AGM through VC is given in the Notice of AGM.

By Order of the Board of
Cyber Media (India) Limited
Sd/-
New Delhi Anoop Singh
August 01, 2025