Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# intellect

## Intellect/SEC/2025-26 July 31, 2025

### National Stock Exchange of India Limited, Scrip Symbol :

Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla COMPLEX
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051.

### BSE Limited, Scrip Code :

1st Floor, New Trade Ring, Rotunda Building, PJ Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai — 400 001.

Dear Sir,

## Grant of RSUs under ESOP/ISOP Schemes

Pursuant to the approval accorded by the Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee (NRCC) of the Company vide Circular Resolution dated July 30, 2025, granted the following RSUs under ESOP/ISOP Scheme on July 31, 2025 at 03:48 P.M. (IST)

### No. of associates

#### ISOP 2016 Scheme - Swarnam 601 — RSUs Type 2
1,85,500 17 Rs. 5/-

Associates

Therefore, a total of 185,500 RSUs are granted to 17 Associates.

The ISOP/RSU 2016 Scheme — Swarnam 601 - RSUs Type 2 -1,85,500 RSUs to 17 associates. Of these, 1,70,500 RSUs would vest equally in three annual rests at the end of Years 3, 4 and 5 from the grant date with an overall vesting period of 5 years. The remaining 15,000 RSUs will vest equally in the 2nd & 4th year from the grant date with an overall vesting period of 4 years

The RSUs have a grant price of Rs. 5/-

These are fresh grants and not against surrender of any prior grants

On the expiry of the vesting period, the associates shall have the right to convert the RSUs into shares either in full or tranches at any time during the exercise period as provided under the Scheme.

Kindly take the above information on record.

Yours truly,

For Intellect Design Arena Limited,
VASUDHA Digitally signed by

VASUDHA

SUBRAMANI susramaniam
Date: 2025.07.31
AM 22:22:29 +05'30!

Vasudha S
Chief Financial Officer

Intellect Design Arena Limited