Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Indraprastha Gas Limited
(A Joint Venture of GAIL (India) Lid., BPCL & Govt. of NCT of Delhi)

Ref. No.: IGL/CS/2025 July 28, 2025
Listing Compliance Listing Department
BSE Ltd. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
1st Floor, P.J. Towers Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex
Dalal Street Bandra (E)
Mumbai — 400 001 Mumbai — 400 051
Security Code : 532514 Trading Symbol : IGL


# Disclosure of material event/information under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

Dear Sir / Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, 2015, this is to inform that Conference Call to discuss Unaudited Financial Results for quarter ended June 30, 2025 is scheduled to be held on Thursday, July 31, 2025 at 4:00 PM (IST). Invite of the same is enclosed.

Please note that above information is subject to change.
Yours sincerely,

for Indraprastha Gas Limited

VIVEK ORES

SAHAY TO SRAS 0530:
Vivek Sahay
Company Secretary


Encl: As above

IGL Bhawan, Plot No. 4, Community Centre, R.K. Puram, Sector - 9, New Delhi-110022
Tel.: 46074607 Fax: 26171863 Website: www.iglonline.net
CIN: L23201DL1998PLC097614
An ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001 : 2015, ISO 45001 : 2018 and ISO 50001 : 2018 Certified Organisation


# P h i l l i p Ca pita l Conference Call Invitation :

Your Partner In Finance Quarterly Earnings Call

PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited cordially invites you to participate in

Indraprastha Gas Ltd. (ICI)

Q1FY26 Earnings Conference call

Speakers Thursday, July 31st, 2025 @ 4:00 PM IST

Mr. K. K. Chatiwal — Managing Director
06:30 PM Singapore & Hong Kong; 11:30 AM UK

Mr. Mohit Bhatia — Director-Commercial

Mr. Sanjay Kumar — CFO
Express join with DiamondPass no wait time

Mr. Manjeet Gulati — VP Finance
Click Here or copy paste the URL in browser

Call Leader: https://services.choruscall.in/DiamondPassRegistration/register?confirmationNumber=0513564&linkSecurityString=3d4286630

Nitin Tiwari, PhillipCapital India


Conference dial-in:
Primary Universal Number: 91-22-6280 1143 / 7115 8044
The numbers listed above are universally accessible from all networks and all countries.
Toll Free Numbers - USA: 18667462133 / UK: 08081011573 / Singapore: 8001012045 / Hong Kong: 800964448


# PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited remains committed to adhere to all regulatory guidelines and follow the best governance and transparency practices. Therefore:

* The proceedings of this call will be recorded.
* The list and full details of participants on the call will be shared by us with the corporate. Participants are expected to provide true and legitimate details.
+ All necessary disclosures on Stock Exchanges {including call invite intimation, recording details & call transcript) is expected to be complied by the respective corporate