Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Larsen & Toubro Limited

Sarial D. ti if
LARSEN & TOUBRO pee

Narottam Morarjee Marg

Mumbai - 400 001, INDIA
Tel: +91 22 6752 5656

Fax: +91 22 6752 5858
www.Larsentoubro.com

## SEC/2025 August 2, 2025

BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Phiroze Jejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Dalal Street, MUMBAI - 400 001 Plot No.C/1, G Block,Bandra-Kurla
STOCK CODE : 500510 Complex,Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051

STOCK CODE: LT

Dear Sirs,

### Sub : Newspaper advertisement — Public Notice to Shareholders —

Special Window for re-lodgment of Transfer requests of Physical
Shares in reference to SEBI Circular dated July 02,2025.

Please find enclosed herewith the advertisement published in Financial Express
(English Newspapers) and Loksatta (Marathi Newspaper) on August 2, 2025,
informing shareholders regarding opening of Special Window for Re-Lodgment of
Transfer requests of Physical Shares in reference to SEBI Circular dated July
02,2025. As per SEBI circular, this window is available for physical shares transfer
request which were lodged prior to the deadline of ist April 2019 but were
rejected/returned/not attended due to the deficiency in the documents/process/or
otherwise.

The above information is also available on the website of the Company
(www.larsentoubro.com).

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
for LARSEN & TOUBRO LIMITED
NARAYAN —WanavAN CUBRAMAANIAN
SUBRAMANIAN Date: 2025.08.02 11:36:37

+05'30"
SUBRAMANIAN NARAYAN
COMPANY SECRETARY &
COMPLIANCE OFFICER
(ACS 16354)
Encl : as above

CIN : L99999MH 1946PLC004768

## NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS

### Special Window for Re-lodgement of Physical Share Transfer Requests

Pursuant to SEBI Circular, SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-
PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated July 02, 2025, shareholders
who had submitted transfer requests for physical
shares before April 01, 2019 and whose requests were
rejected or returned due to documentation / process
deficiencies are hereby informed that SEBI has opened
a special window for re-lodgement of such transfer |
requests,
. The window is open from July 07, 2025 to January 06,
2026.

All re-lodged shares will be processed only in
dematerialized mode. Shareholders are requested to
contact the Company or its RTA for assistance.

RTA Name & Contact:
KFin Technologies Limited .
Selenium Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 & 32, Financial District,
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal,
Hyderabad - 500032. Website : www.kfintech.com
Email id : einward.ris@kfintech.com
Toll Free No. 18003094001
for LARSEN & TOUBRO LIMITED
SUBRAMANIAN NARAYAN
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Place: Mumbai (ACS 16354)
Date: August 2, 2025 .

| tessa