Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Narayana Health

## Date of submission: August 02, 2025

To: The Secretary
The Listing Department
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Department of Corporate Services
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Mumbai — 400 051
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001
Scrip Code — 539551(EQ), 975516 & 976418 Scrip Code- NH

Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Newspaper Advertisement — Disclosure under Regulations 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('Listing Regulations')

Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A Para A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the copies of the newspaper advertisement published in Financial Express (English) and Vijayavani (Kannada) on August 02, 2025 for attention of the members in respect of information regarding the 25th Annual General Meeting of the company scheduled to be held on Friday, August 29, 2025 at 11:30 A.M. (IST) through Video Conference/Other Audio Visual Means.

The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.narayanahealth.org.
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking you

Yours faithfully
For Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited

Digitally signed

SESHIAH by SesHiaH
SRIDHAR
SRIDHAR Date: 2025.08.02
18:18:51 +05'30"
Sridhar S.
Group Company Secretary, Legal & Compliance Officer

# Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited Appointments

CIN; L85410KA2000P1.C027497 186-0208-0208

Registered Office: 258/A, Bommasandra Industrial Area, Anekal Taluk, Bangalore 560099
Corporate Office: 261/A, 2nd Floor, Bommasandra Industrial Area, Anekal Taluk, Bangalore 560099
Tel +91 80 7122 2636 | Fax +91 80 2783 2648 | Email: info@narayanahealth.org | www.narayanahealth.org

---

**WWW.FINANCIALEXPRESS.COM SATURDAY, AUGUST 2, 2025**

**FINANCIAL EXPRESS 15**

" "WW
IMPORTANT CINEVISTA
: : & ‘ 1 . t a al

Whilst care is taken prior to acceptance of advertising Regd. Office: 1. Silver Crott, Off TPS IN], Junction of 16th & 33rd Road, Bandra West, Mumbai - 400050

ue ‘ . Extract of the Standalone & Consolidated Un-Audited Resutts for the Quarter ended 30th June, 2025
copy, itis not possible to verify Energy
pu ntl
its contents. The Indian CIN- L40100GJ2015PLC085213 roeaRE] ovore] oro teas] oreemmae] oT or ee ee
Express (P} Limited cannot Registered Office : 4th Floor, Block 8. Magnet Corporate Park, Near Sola Bridge, $.G. Highway. Ahmedabad, PARTICULARS dooeas Fripaieens Mmanadives roa ‘oasans soaeans sahavoee! Mmarapaedt
beheld responsible for such Gujarat, India - 380054; Email: investor.relations@irmenergy.com: Website: www.irmenergy.com: Phone: 07949031500 Stonealene Stanaalone Stancaiane Standatone {Consol Convenes Conseaidated | Consolidated

OC oO ,.) 1 [Tet lore barr Coe morn 1 thy Ba 382 150.2 .

**STATEMENT OF UNAUDITED STANDALONE AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR**

"Vinee tae Patepiena nea Euiaseanary some nenas. | op eAp ct! we | ovata
THE QUARTER ENDED JUNE 30, 2025 Het Prottiions’ fur the pened peture tex

fates excemianal andor éstracedtinary tara] oR ey tHE ea 82 1A? OM) ws brat
transactions with companies, The Board of Directors of IRM Energy Limited (the "Company") at its meeting held on Thursday. July 31, 2025, approved the hat Prt ost kt bao alr tt

fatter Excectoral ands Estracearmary terres} Ses ’ 12 285 48: JB BOB, 6 tg? a2) 12 S06 00: {a 161 BB,
$ [Tow Comercheroue rorme ta Pe ex
{Comprising Prot (Lose) tee the ceriod (ater tae)

advertising in its newspapers The full Financial Results along with the Limited Review Report. are available on the website of the Company at are Dither Comerahare ve Incame jatier 22x1|

associations or individuals Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.

. . . 4 { a! - . i. . & {Equity Stare Cagetal Face Vaue @ Ra 2+ per anavel 1 148 73 1°86 79 ° ? 114873 ? 1°86 7d 1 S 1143 T3
or Publications. We therefore hitps://www. irmenergy.com/wp-contenYuploads/2022 1Z/UFR-Q4 2025-26 pdf and website of Stock Exchanges i.e. the BSE a Sue Corea stan tue at fe Vis oe am an a8 ; nn

Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, respectively and can be + [Resrves jeectastig Resnatos Resene! venga 13; | 2o1ssar| reazeae | seerese; | isceeza: | izsveas | sees; | 5 18 5%

recommend that readers
make necessary inquiries
before sending any monies
or entering into any

agreements with advertisers
advertisement in any “ee

manner whatsoever. Note: The above intimation is in ace ordance with Regulation 33 read with Regulation 47 (1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations andHere is the reformatted text in markdown:

# PUBLIC NOTICE-25” ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

For Nelcast Limited

Notice is hereby given that the Twenty-Fifth Annual General Meeting (25" AGM) of the Members of Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited (the ‘Company’) will be convened on Friday, August 29, 2025 at 11:30 A.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing (‘VC’/Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’) facility to transact the Ordinary and Special Business, as set out in the Notice convening the AGM.

This is in compliance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations), the Companies Act. 2013 and the Rules framed thereunder read with General Circular No.(s)14/2020 dated April 08, 2020.

## Registered Office

Yamuna, S. No. 98 (3 to 7), Plot No. 3, Baner, Pune - 411 045.

The Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 2024-25 will be sent in due course through electronic mode only to the Members of the Company whose email addresses are registered with the Depository Participant / Company / Registrar & Transfer Agent (RTA). The Company shall send a physical copy of the Annual Report 2024-25 to those members who request it at investorrelations@narayanahealth.org mentioning their Folio No./DP(Rupees in Million) and ClientID,

## Standalone Consolidated

The Notice of 25" AGM and Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 of the Company will be available on the website of the Company at www.narayanahealth.org and on the website of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) at www.evoting.nsdl.com. Additionally, the Particulars Notice of AGM and the Annual Report will also be available on the website of the Stock Exchanges on which the securities of the Company are listed, i.e. BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively.

### Notes:

1. The above is an extract of the detailed format of Financial Results filed with the Stock Exchange under Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

The Company had one exceptional item on account of profit on sale of land: Nil: for the quarter ended 30th June 2025 : Nil: for the quarter ended 31st March 2025 : Rs.205.11 Lakhs and for the year ended 31st March 2025 : Rs.376.36 Lakhs.

### Financial Results

of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, respectively, and can be accessed by scanning the below QR Code: [QR Code]

recommend that readers make necessary inquiries before sending any monies or entering into any agreements with advertisers in any manner whatsoever. Note: The above intimation is in accordance with Regulation 33 read with Regulation 47 (1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

### Equity Share

equity share of the face value of Rs. 5/- each oo ; } .

for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.

subject to the approval of shareholders at the ensuing AGM.

The Company has fixed Tuesday, August 19, 2025, as the "Record date” for determining entitlement of Members to final dividend for financial year 2024-25. Total Comprehensive Income for the period year 2024-25.

after tax 4244.25 1379.61 3718.35 1379.61 3718.35

Members holding shares in physical form are required to submit their bank account details, if not already registered, as mandated by the SEBI.

has made it mandatory to use the bank account details furnished by the Depositories and the bank account details maintained by the RTA for payment of dividend to the shareholders electronically.

The Dividend will be paid electronically to Other Equity 53549.40 those shareholders who have registered their bank account details.

The shareholders holding shares in physical form shall be paid dividend only through electronic mode subject to their folios being KYC compliant as per the SEBI requirements.

(EPS for the Quarters are not annualised) Sd/- Basic ; ; ; : ; ; : ; Aparna Bhat : Date: August 1, 2025 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer Diluted 144} Place: Mumbai Membership No.: ACS19995Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Share having nominal value of Rs. 10/- each for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.

The record date for the purpose of the dividend is August 01, 2025.

## Earnings Per Share (Face Value of Rs. 2/- August 01, 2025.

To avoid delay in receiving dividend, shareholders are requested to update their each) (from continuing operations} (not KYC with their depositories (where shares are held in dematerialized mode) and with the Company’s RTA (where shares are held in physical mode) to receive dividend directly to their

### (a) Basic .

; .

; .

; .

.

bank account.

### (b) Diluted . . . . . , : ‘ Tax on Dividend

Shareholders may note that the Income Tax Act, 1961, ("the !T Act”) as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, mandates that dividends paid or distributed by the Company on or after April 1, 2020 shall be taxable in the hands of shareholders. The Company shall therefore be required to deduct

## Notes:

* The above is an extract of the detailed format of quarterly financial results filed with the Stock Exchanges under Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The full format of the Quarterly Financial Results and Explanatory Notes are available on the Stock tax at source ("TDS") at the time of making the payment of the final dividend. To enable us to

* The figures for the quarter ended 31" March 2025 are the balancing figures between the audited figures in respect of the full financial year and the published refer to the communication dated July 07, 2025 sent through email by the Company to those

* During the year ended 31” March 2025, the Company had sold its entire stake in its wholly owned subsidiary viz. ‘The Kolhapur Steel Limited’ (TKSL) to another process of withholding of tax at prescribed rates on dividend being paid to the Members and the

* Exceptional items in consolidated financials for quarter ended 30” June 2025 and 31” March 2025, represent payment under voluntary retirement scheme in the Company's RTA, KFin Technologies Limited, Selanium Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32,

## The above results have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors at their respective meetings held on July 31, 2025 and August 01, 2025. For queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-Voting user manual for Shareholders available in the ‘Downloads’ section of NSDL's website i.e. www.evoting.nsdi.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request at evoting@nsdi.com who will address the grievances connected with the voting

## For KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED by electronic means or members facing any technical issue in login and e-voting, can contact Scan CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911 or KFin Technologies Limited, Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32,

## Date ; 1 August 2025 CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR Financial District. Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana India -

## Place ‘Pune PS, DIN : 00007885 500 032 or e-mail at einward.ris@kfintech.com or call at toll free no.: 1800 309 4001 or

‘ . Members may also write to the Company Secretary at the Company's email address investorrelations@narayanahealth.org. By Order of the Board of DirectorsHere is the reformatted text in markdown:

# KFin Technologies Limited, Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32,

## Date ; 1 August 2025 CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR Financial District. Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana India -

## Place ‘Pune PS, DIN : 00007885 500 032 or e-mail at einward.ris@kfintech.com or call at toll free no.: 1800 309 4001 or

‘ . Members may also write to the Company Secretary at the Company's email address investorrelations@narayanahealth.org. By Order of the Board of Directors


tdoke! Amaalad Liaieiny Deoricid) Dakdmet xouArivay Neaerrbgics. Baddoat mad Bros Bernd, ce 23, 2025 donb adic Aeirewd shoved aylobd), ature 31, 2025 4 Rodeos Eromx
DAFHG, DI Sigs Sor Ga.1- mMarany, Dona, Beoohods US Sor d2.4.50-0 GOB, oss
oagposanh, BRIM Awad.


2025 myResd WHesm~/ TROD Oackd Unf, Ol, 25d Oe SY
alecoee ced!


nat, eabaleranees Badom® way, sompeb NORD Aatemts / emyiowoks AAR Beetong,
rch wrsAkeodos aecboadon mai sneorbgd NSDL ma, CDSL docs esrtny, 01, 2025 doch aanccs
Rebebs Rumebannds.


orybowTay, loins, Qvowslh, Faslen, secboadd sab, KYC war, sab,
Senrindeoan (od, sebriesy achwoake|x fecatd® woxeerogss) cbs, soxab RTA aleoat
BSWORD AdosMoONS.


(WE, secuiivss yPas esbdg, soaeorbyd) AedawA vals eco’ awsh
enymosstah yesoxIED,
ea,Roes Soc On Zor
etch SOR Rotel, 1961, (Hes soot’) Wrosowd sockess, 2020 0 chews sca Geach, Mo |,
2020 deat wine Nogd tomiat maaaAd ae DADA cayRodnal, wad dong sor Opxworbgc
dowd Peco MepANwaDEd.


BecormIw.


wYOocs somDoty odar Teiwossay menismst Aabobug,
Tac (WAIN) Sonobay saIarasrmcys.


Rags TDS j wtbowoms Jor Hoa, Girone
aebh vada SeBdader, o_odbmorisod, Stcbuwddh Gabdiy torino wahte® showd sebiuxoad
weg, 7, 2025 0 Ronen, smd / denedrivecdn Aetommonad aeRO wogedrvadad.


neon
BAT CeyMUG aed Anos Gonive, Sora, BA Boind Apo sew, aeOdainet RowoHacios
ertnt, 8, 2025 doch eqns exit.a, ative BEuveres embwogirih.


Si KoHwAainy Kes Bees Omsod wd, 8
2025 Dom seoo HATO toONER whdorMaNcONs Hos, sowaws Naty ye
www.narayanahealth.org a2, oyOd.


Ndi domach RTA, KFin Umewent Oaoia®,
Racha wor’ Baof 8, mE xo.


31 & 32, weosom we, BPovwat-500 032, svoreca oxaw
elnward.ris@kfintech.com 8, %-cheo’ wn nomirauabch ogee Macetad, 2d Seawamod
eroeds Road: 1800 309 4001 3h NYO coals Genoese.


Qucdrieh, dey aechorconen zele akde Geveorba aByive, (FAQs) wocetnwabcd abay
MechoSCOTEA t-Apeeion® wvicwd ¢2Aobo NSDL J curd era Prdacwend' omnsd ood
ecnd www.evoting.nsdi.com ego é¢ 2n8.: 022-4886 7000 veges evoting@nsdi.com 4
Deobobeh, swbbN wridd, morbkausrivay ZomonLach oedema Oma showd stwmacheont
Romer Weontaics vg Ocha’ ahah, wabsmay, aad sods Nad chad, andomseos say)
CDSL sofdnxt, ex helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 8, dkosovah tehbni sbeod
ROMITRWIOD OGsw Beto’ SF Acsh Nl HoWsr ACTA.


1900-21-09911 UG shar Hausen”
Oonias, Anobsy Uno o, Hp Ao.


31-32, HAhoho* Bye, MAMA, somo -
500 032, Swcrere sofa -abtor einward.ris@kfintech.com 82, eg sd tne
CUS Ket: 1800 309 4001 Umae Acard som mobrderA sera aac’ Dvexg,
Investorrelations@narayanahealth.org 89 donut.


ndleresd shonenb udtercos
mache anidrods Daotat estore


He /-
Dawe: Ide corixt, 2025 Oeee om.


Ry: wdortevedo Abe Roach MOLE GB, BUS Thay, MoMHeoo

Bengaluru Eaition
Aug 02, 2025 Page No. 10
Powered by: erelego.com