Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# August 2, 2025


To, To,

The Manager — Listing Department
The Manager — Listing Department

National Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Limited

5, Exchange Plaza Floor 25, P. J. Towers,
Bandra-Kurla Complex
Dalal Street,
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051
Mumbai 400 001

Symbol: FINPIPE
Scrip Code: 500940


Sub.: Outcome of the Board Meeting held on Saturday, August 2nd, 2025


Ref.: Regulation 30 & 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)


Dear Sir / Madam,

In terms of the subject referred regulations, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on Saturday, August 2nd, 2025, inter-alia, approved and taken on record the following:


1.
The Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the Quarter ended June 30, 2025 along with the Limited Review Report issued by M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditors of the Company, pursuant to Regulation 33 of SEBI Listing Regulations;

Changes in Board of Directors:

Appointment of Mr. Udipt Agarwal (DIN: 11219144) as an Additional Director cum Whole-time Director and Managing Director of the Company

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on Saturday, August 2nd, 2025, approved the appointment of Mr. Udipt Agarwal (DIN: 11219144) as:

* Additional Director cum Whole-time Director of the Company, to hold office from September 5, 2025 to October 31, 2025; and
* Managing Director and Key Managerial Personnel for a term commencing on November 1, 2025 and concluding on September 4, 2030, totaling a tenure of five years.

This appointment is subject to the approval of the members at the forthcoming 44th Annual General Meeting of the Company.


Appointment of Mr. Rambabu Sanka (DIN: 11218997) as an Additional Director cum Whole-time Director and designated as Director - Technical of the Company

On the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on Saturday, August 2nd, 2025, approved the appointment of Mr. Rambabu Sanka (DIN: 11218997) as an Additional Director cum Whole-time Director of the Company and designated as Director - Technical for a term of five years commencing from August 2, 2025 to August 1, 2030, subject to the approval of members at the ensuing 44th Annual General Meeting of the Company.


Resignation of Mr. Saumya Chakrabarti (DIN: 09594036) as Director — Technical of the Company

The Board of Directors took note of the resignation tendered by Mr. Saumya Chakrabarti as Director — Technical of the Company on account of personal reasons, effective August 31, 2025.


Resignation of Mr. Saurabh Dhanorkar (DIN: 00011322) as Managing Director of the Company

Mr. Saurabh Dhanorkar, Managing Director of the Company, will attain the age of 70 years on October 26, 2025. In accordance with the prescribed age limit as stipulated under the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations, Mr. Dhanorkar has conveyed his decision not to seek reappointment and will accordingly relinquish his position as Managing Director effective from the close of business hours on October 25, 2025.


The Board of Directors has taken note of Mr. Dhanorkar’s decision and placed on record its appreciation for his exemplary leadership and valuable contributions to the Company.


Resignation of Mr. Rajesh Balkrishna Rathi (DIN: 00018628) as an Independent Director of the Company

The Board acknowledged the resignation submitted by Mr. Rajesh Balkrishna Rathi (DIN: 00018628) from his position as an Independent Director of the Company, citing other professional commitments and pre-occupations. Accordingly, he ceased to be a member of the Board and its Committees with effect from August 2, 2025.


Appointment of Secretarial Auditors of the Company:

Appointment of M/s. SVD & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries (Peer Review No. 6357/2025) as Secretarial Auditors of the Company

The Board of Directors appointed M/s. SVD & Associates, as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of five consecutive years to conduct the Secretarial Audit of the Company from the Financial Year 2025-26 to Financial Year 2029-30, subject to approval of members in the ensuing 44th Annual General Meeting of the Company.


Hatnagin Plant Pipes Urvision


8. The Board of Directors has approved the date for the 44th Annual General Meeting of the Company, which has been scheduled on Friday, September 12, 2025.


List of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

Pursuant to Regulation 30(5) of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, below is the list of KMP of the Company, along with their contact details, authorized to determine for the materiality of events /information and for the purpose of making disclosures to Stock Exchange(s) under the said regulation:


Sr. | Name Designation

No.
1__| Mr. Saurabh Dhanorkar Managing Director (upto October 25, 2025)
2__| Mr. Udipt Agarwal Managing Director (w.e.f. November 1, 2025)
4 | Mr. Chandan Verma Chief Financial Officer
3 | Mr. Dakshinamurthy Iyer Company Secretary & Compliance Officer


Contact Details

Finolex Industries Limited

Indiqube ‘The Kode’ 11th Floor S. No. 134, Baner Pashan Link Road, Pune — 411 045

Tel. No.: 020-27408200/27408567

Email ID: investors@finolexind.com; Website: www.finolexpipes.com


Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated ~=11th November 2024 and SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD1/P/CIR/2023/123 dated 13th July 2023, the particulars / details with respect to the aforesaid change(s) as required, are enclosed as Annexure A.


In compliance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the information is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.finolexpipes.com/


The Board Meeting commenced at 6:30 p.m. (IST) and concluded at 08:30 p.m. (IST)
You are requested to take the above on your records.
Thanking you,

For Finolex Industries Limited
DAKSHINAMURTHY — pakstinanriny
VISHWANATHAN IYER VSHRANATHANIVER
Dakshinamurthy Iyer

Company Secretary & Head Legal

M. No. A13004

Encl.: As aboveHere is the reformatted text in markdown:

# In compliance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the information is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.finolexpipes.com/

The Board Meeting commenced at 6:30 p.m. (IST) and concluded at 08:30 p.m. (IST)

You are requested to take the above on your records.

Thanking you,

For Finolex Industries Limited
DAKSHINAMURTHY — pakstinanriny
VISHWANATHAN IYER VSHRANATHANIVER
Dakshinamurthy Iyer

Company Secretary & Head Legal

M. No. A13004

Encl.: As above

## Management

Mr. Udipt Agarwal had a distinguished career at Cargill Bio Industrial, where he established the India business and later led the Asia region, expanding into 10 countries and...

Mr. Rambabu Sanka, 63, holds a Master of Technology in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai. He also holds a Bachelor of Technology in Chemical Engineering from Andhra University and a Post graduate Certificate in Fundamentals of Senior Management from the Open University, United Kingdom.

He is currently serving as President-Technical and Senior Management Personnel of the Company from 3rd March, 2025. In this capacity, he oversees the plant operations and functions of the Company.

Mr. Rambabu Sanka is a Senior Executive with 39 years of comprehensive experience in the Chemical Manufacturing Sector, including 31 years dedicated to VCM/PVC production. His expertise encompasses leadership integrating post-acquisition operations. His earlier tenure at BASF spanned various leadership roles in India and Hong Kong, contributing significantly to business development, market expansion, and team building across multiple segments.

He holds a B.Tech. in Chemical Technology from H.B. Technological Institute, Kanpur, and has completed executive education in Strategic Business Leadership from INSEAD.

## Disclosure of relationships between directors (in case of appointment of a director)

Mr. Udipt Agarwal does not have any inter-se relationship with any other directors of the Company.

Mr. Rambabu Sanka does not have any inter-se relationship with any other directors of the Company.

Information as required | Mr. Udipt Agarwal is not|Mr. Rambabu Sanka is not
under BSE Circular debarred from holding the office | debarred from holding the office of
Number of Director pursuant to any SEBI | Director pursuant to any SEBI

LIST/COM/14/2018-19 and NSE circular no.
NSE/CML/2018/24 dated June 20, 2018

Order or Order of any such authority.

## Sr. Particulars Mr. Saumya Chakrabarti Mr. Saurabh Dhanorkar

No.

1. | Reason for change viz. Mr. Saumya Chakrabarti (DIN: 09594036) as a Director — | Mr. Saurabh Dhanorkar (DIN:
00011322) shall step down from the appointment, Technical resigned on account of | position of Managing Director upon
reappointment, for personal reasons. reaching the age of 70 years. He has conveyed his decision not to seek re-
resignation, removal, death or otherwise appointment thereafter.

2. Date of cessation (as-applicable) & term-of- | August 31, 2025 October 25, 2025
appointment/reappointment

3. | Brief Profile Not Applicable Not Applicable
(in case of appointment)

4. | Disclosure of Not Applicable Not Applicable
Relationships between directors (in
case of appointment of a director)

## Sr. Particulars Mr. Rajesh Balkrishna Rathi

No.

1. | Reason for change viz. Mr. Rajesh Balkrishna Rathi (DIN: 00018628)
appointment, reappointment, resignation, removed from his position as an Independent Director of the Company, citing other professional

commitments and pre-occupations.

2. Date of cessation (as-applicable) & term-of- | August 2, 2025.
3. | Brief Profile Not Applicable
(in case of appointment)

4. | Disclosure of Relationships between directors | Not Applicable

## Additional Information in case of resignation of an Independent Director (Schedule Ill - Para A(7B) of Part A of SEBI LODR)

1 | The letter of resignation along with detailed | A copy letter of resignation enclosed
reasons for the resignation as given by the said director
2 | Names of listed entities in which the resigning | Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
director holds directorships, indicating the category of directorship and membership of Committee Position:
board committees, if any
1. Stakeholders Relationship Committee
2. Corporate Social Responsibilities Committee
3. Risk Management Committee
4. Finance Committee
5. Share Transfer Committee
3 | The independent director shall, along with the | The required confirmation has been provided in the

detailed reasons, also provide a confirmation that there is no other material reasons other than those provided.

enclosed resignation letter.

## Sr. Particulars M/s. SVD & Associates

No.
1. | Reason for change viz. appointment, | Appointment of M/s SVD & Associates as
Feappointment,resignation, removal—death or otherwise
2. Date of appointment / reappointment— | Appointment in the Board Meeting held on August
cessation 2, 2025, for a term of five consecutive years from
(as-applicable}) & term of appointment / | the Financial Year 2025-26 to Financial Year
reappointment 2029-30, subject to approval of members in the
ensuing 44th Annual General Meeting of the Company.
3. | Brief Profile M/s. SVD & Associates (Peer Review No.
(in case of appointment) 6357/2025) was formed in 2014 by Professionals
of varied skill set, to bring out synergy in corporate legal and corporate advisory services with a pivotal role in Secretarial Audit. Catering to a wide range of clients, including a large number of listed and multinational companies, its strength is its team of qualified, experienced and trained professionals who treasure the value of diligence and knowledge.
The firm is peer reviewed in terms of the peer review guidelines issued by the ICSI.

4. | Disclosure of Relationships between Not Applicable

Walker Chandiok &Co LLP
16th Floor, Tower III,
One International Center,
S B Marg, Prabhadevi (W),
Mumbai - 400013
Maharashtra, India

T +91 22 6626 2699

F +91 22 6626 2601

Independent Auditor's Review Report on Standalone Unaudited Quarterly Financial Results of the Company pursuant to Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended)

To the Board of Directors of Finolex Industries LimitedHere is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended)

The Statement, which is the responsibility of the Company’s management and approved by the Company’s Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (‘Ind AS 34’), prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’), and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and is in compliance with the presentation and disclosure requirements of Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations.

## Our responsibility

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Statement based on our review.

We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity, issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act, and consequently, does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

## Based on our review

Based on our review conducted as above and consideration of review report of the auditor of Finolex Industries Employees’ Welfare Trust (the ‘Welfare Trust’) as referred to in paragraph 5 below, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying Statement, prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in Ind AS 34, prescribed under section 133 of the Act, and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, has not disclosed the information required to be disclosed in accordance with the requirements of Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations, including the manner in which it is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material misstatement.

# Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Independent Auditor's Review Report on Standalone Unaudited Quarterly Financial Results of the Company pursuant to Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended)

## Our conclusion is not modified

Our conclusion is not modified in respect of this matter with respect to our reliance on the work done by and the report of the other auditor.

---

**Statement of Unaudited Standalone Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025**

| Sr. No., Particulars | June 30, 2025 | March 31, 2025 | June 30, 2024 | March 31, 2025 (Audited) |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Income | ₹2,043.15 | ₹1,174.81 | ₹1,140.49 | ₹4,141.97 |
| Other income | ₹64.68 | ₹64.57 | ₹4.90 | ₹248.25 |
| Total income | ₹1,107.83 | ₹1,736.38 | ₹1,195.39 | ₹4,390.22 |
| NM of expenses |  |  |  |  |
| Cost of materials consumed | ₹629.12 | ₹771.99 | ₹595.30 | ₹2,621.95 |
| Purchases of stock-in-trade | ₹5.55 | ₹6.01 | ₹12.06 | ₹28.62 |
| Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-m-trade and work-in-progress | ₹68.17 | ₹34.69 | ₹61.22 | ₹25.49 |
| Employee benefits expense | ₹583.50 | ₹125.00 | ₹57.58 | ₹222.28 |
| Finance costs | ₹5.55 | ₹6.18 | ₹6.65 | ₹29.64 |
| Depreciation and amortisation expense | ₹26.61 | ₹26.89 | ₹26.08 | ₹106.71 |
| Other expenses | ₹188.37 | ₹181.40 | ₹207.68 | ₹767.83 |
| Total expenses | ₹981.68 | ₹1,033.61 | ₹966.57 | ₹3,802.52 |
| Profit before exceptional items and tax | ₹126.15 | ₹202.77 | ₹228.82 |  |
| Exceptional item gain (refer note 3) | -₹416.99 | ₹416.99 |  |  |
| Profit before tax | ₹621.14 | ₹619.76 | ₹228.82 |  |
| Tax expense |  |  |  |  |
| Current tax |  |  |  |  |
| Tax pertaining to earlier period(s)/year(s) |  |  |  |  |
| Deferred tax charge |  |  |  |  |
| Total tax expense |  |  |  |  |
| Profit for the period/year | ₹621.14 | ₹619.76 | ₹228.82 |  |
| Other comprehensive income (OCI) |  |  |  |  |
| Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss |  |  |  |  |
| Re-measurement of defined benefit plans | ₹4.25 |  |  |  |
| Income-tax effect on above |  |  |  |  |
| Fair value changes in equity Instruments through OCI | ₹596.08 |  |  |  |
| Income-tax effect on above | ₹85.24 |  |  |  |
| Gain/loss on equity instruments measured at fair value through OCI | ₹510.84 |  |  |  |
| Net of income-tax |  |  |  |  |
| Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period/year | ₹222.76 | ₹1,602.42 |  |  |

**Paid-up equity share capital**

* Face value of ₹2 each: ₹123.67
* Other equity: ₹5,854.69

**Earnings per equity share having nominal value of ₹2 each per share (Not annualised, except for the year ended March 31, 2025)**

* Basic: ₹537.24
* Diluted: ₹7.23Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Financial Results
## Consolidated Unaudited Quarterly Financial Results

| ₹85.24 |  |  |  |
| Gain/loss on equity instruments measured at fair value through OCI | ₹510.84 |  |  |  |
| Net of income-tax |  |  |  |  |
| Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period/year | ₹222.76 | ₹1,602.42 |  |  |

### Paid-up Equity Share Capital

* Face value of ₹2 each: ₹123.67
* Other equity: ₹5,854.69

### Earnings per Equity Share having Nominal Value of ₹2 Each per Share (Not Annualised, except for the year ended March 31, 2025)

* Basic: ₹537.24
* Diluted: ₹7.23

approximately 25.27 acres situated at Chinchwad, Pune, along with structures, During the current year, FIL has re-aligned its internal reporting structures and consequently, in accordance with Ind AS 108, Operating Segments, based on the criteria in which the chief operating decision maker (CODM) reviews its financial information for the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, has determined that Fil now operates as a single integrated business focused on the manufacture and sale of Pipes and Fittings.

Accordingly, no separate segment reporting disclosures have been furnished in these financial results,

The figures for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 are the balancing figures between the audited figures in respect of the full financial year and the published unaudited year-to-date figures up to the third quarter of the relevant financial year.

By order of the Board of Directors
For Finclex Industries Limited

AS

—
Saurabh Sarvottam Ohanorkar

Managing Director
BIN: 00011322

Place: Pune
Date: August 2, 2025

Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Walker Chandiok & Co LLP
16th Floor, Tower III,

One International Center,

Sahara B Marg, Prabhadevi (W),
Mumbai - 400013
Maharashtra, India

T +91 22 6626 2699

F +91 22 6626 2601

### Independent Auditor's Review Report on Consolidated Unaudited Quarterly Financial Results of the Company

To the Board of Directors of Finolex Industries Limited

1.

We have reviewed the accompanying statement of unaudited consolidated financial results (‘the Statement’) of Finolex Industries Limited (‘the Holding Company’) and its associates (refer Annexure 1 for the list of associates included in the Statement) for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, being submitted by the Holding Company pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) (‘Listing Regulations’).

This Statement, which is the responsibility of the Holding Company’s management and approved by the Holding Company's Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (‘Ind AS 34’), prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and is in compliance with the presentation and disclosure requirements of Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Statement based on our review.

We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity, issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the ‘ICAI’). A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act, and consequently, does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

We also performed procedures in accordance with the circular issued by the SEBI under Regulation 33(8) of the Listing Regulations, to the extent applicable.

Based on our review conducted and procedures performed as stated in paragraph 3 above and upon consideration of the review reports of the other auditors referred to in paragraph 5 below, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying Statement, prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in Ind AS 34, prescribed under section 133 of the Act, and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, has not disclosed the information required to be disclosed in accordance with the requirements of Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations, including the manner in which it is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material misstatement.

### Annexure 1

List of entities included in the Statement

Associates:

1) Finolex Plasson Industries Private Limited

2) Pawas Port LimitedHere is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Annexure 1
## List of entities included in the Statement

Associates:

1. Finolex Plasson Industries Private Limited
2. Pawas Port Limited

2025 {All amounts in % Crore, except earnings per share; Consolidated}
Quarter ended Year ended
Sr.No, Particulars June 30, 2025 March 31, 2025 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2025
(Unaudited) (Audited) (Unaudited) (Audited)
(refer note §)

| income |
| [Revenue from operations] | 1,170.99 | 4,341.97 |
| [Other income] | 64.57 | 54.90 | 246.63 |
| Total income {1} | 1,235.56 | 1,396.87 | 4,388.60 |

Ul Expenses
| Cost of materials consumed | 629.12 | 627.19 | 595.30 | 2,621.95 |
| Purchases of stock-in-trade | 5.55 | 6.04 | 12.06 | 28.62 |
| Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress | 68.17 | 34.69 | 61.22 | 25.49 |
| Employee benefits expense | 58.35 | 51.25 | $7.58 | 222.28 |
| Finance costs | 5.51 | 6.18 | 6.65 | 29.64 |
| Depreciation and amortisation expense | 26.61 | 26.89 | 26.08 | 106.71 |
| Other expenses | 188,37 | 181.40 | 207.68 | 767.83 |
| Total expenses (Il) | 981.68 | 1,033.61 | 966.57 | 3,802.52 |

"sonal i is ‘i js
Profit before exceptional item, share of net profit of investment in associates accounted for using equity method and tax (Ii}
WV [Exceptional item gain (refer note 4} : : 426.99, 416.99
Vv |Profit before share of net profit of investment in associates accounted for using equity method and tax (ILIV)

Vi |Share of profit of investment in associates accounted for using equity method | 20.43, 0.50 | 40.17 |
VIL_ | Profit before tax (V+V1) | 223.20 | 646.31 | 1,043.24 |

vin [Tax expense

Gurrent tax | 46.95 | 136.15 | 225.91 |
Tax pertaining to earlier period{s}/ year{s) | 0.68 | - {0.01)|
Deferred tax charge | 10.99 | 9.43 | 17.31 |
Total tax expense | $8.62 | 145.58 | 243,21 |

(Xx | Profit for the period/year* (WIF-VIII) | 164.58 | 500.73 | 800.03 |
X  |Other comprehensive income (OCI)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Re-measurement of defined benefit plans | 157 {0.81) {0.80)
income-tax effect on above | 0.42 | 0.20 | 0.38 |
X{i) |Re-measurement of defined benefit plans, net of income-tax | 1.15 | (0.61) | (0.62) |
Fair value changes in equity instruments through OCI | (596.08) | 1,238.93 | (194,49) |
income-tax effect on above | 85.26 | (141.10) | 12.27 |
xl Gain/ (loss) on equity instruments measured at fair value through OCI, | 25.97 {510.84} | 1,097.83 | (182.22) |
net of income-tax
Total other comprehensive Income/ (foss)* [XtiHX{)] | (509.69) | 4,097.22 | (182.84) |

Xt |Total comprehensive income/ {loss} for the period/year* (Ik+X) | (345.11) | 1,597.95 | 617.19 |
XIL_ |Paid-up equity share capital (face value of ¥ 2 each) | 123.67 | 123.67 | 123.67 |
XIIL_ | Other equity | 5,973.20 |
XIV_|Earnings per equity share having nominal value of ® 2 each per share

{Not annualised, except for the year ended March 31, 2025)
Basic | 2.66 | 10 | 12.94 |
Diluted | 2.86 | 8.10 | 12.98 |

* Profit for the period/ year, total other comprehensive income/{loss} and total comprehensive incame/{loss} for the period/ year are entirely attributable to the owners of FILHere is the reformatted text in markdown:

# Acceptance of Resignation from the Position of Managing Director

Tendering your resignation from the position of Managing Director of Finolex Industries Limited, effective 25th October 2025.

While your decision to step down is understood and respected, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt appreciation for the exceptional leadership, vision, and dedication you have demonstrated during your tenure.

We are grateful for your willingness to support the transition and guide your successor during the handover period. Your continued involvement during this phase will undoubtedly ensure stability and strategic continuity. On behalf of the Board and all employees of Finolex Industries, I thank you for your invaluable service and look forward to your continued association with the Company in an advisory capacity and wish you the very best.

Warm regards

Prakash P Chhabria

Sent from Outlook for iOS

# Resignation as an Independent Director of Finolex Industries Limited

At the outset, I wish to thank the Company for giving me the opportunity to serve as an Independent Director of the Company.

Due to my other professional commitments and pre-occupation, I am submitting my resignation as a Non-Executive and Independent Director and as a member of various committees of Finolex Industries Limited with effect from close of business hours on 2nd August, 2025.

I hereby confirm that there are no other material reasons for my resignation other than those mentioned above.

Kindly request you to take the same on record and arrange to complete necessary formalities as per legal requirements within the statutory timelines. I take this opportunity to thank the Board Members for the support extended to me during my tenure as a Non-Executive and Independent Director of the Company and wish the Company very best in its future endeavours.

RAJESH BALKRISHNA RATHI
S.R. No, 277/16-A, Street 3, Lane 3, Pallod Farms, Phase 2 Baner, Pune City, Pune — 411045,
Maharashtra, India

1 August, 2025

To
The Board of Directors,

Finolex Industries Limited

Gat No.399, Village Urse, Taluka Maval,
District Pune, Maharashtra, India, 410506