Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# eS = UFLEX LIMITED

## Division/Office: CORPORATE - SECRETARIAL

Corporate Office: A-107-108, Sector-IV. Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar. NOIDA - 201301. (U.P.), India
Tel.: +91-120-4012345/2522558 Fax: +91-120-2442903
Website: www.uflexitd.com E-mail ID: sccretanal@uflexltd com

# UFL/SEC/2025 02 August 2025

The National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The BSE Ltd.

Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Corporate Relationship Dept.
Plot No. C/1, G Block 1st Floor, New Trading Ring
Bandra —Kurla Complex Rotunda Bldg., P.J. Towers
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001
Scrip Code: UFLEX Scrip Code: 500148

Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A, Para A of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 (“Listing Regulations, 2015”) .

Dear Sir,

We are pleased to inform you that the Company in association with AMPIN C&I Power
Private Limited has incorporated a Joint Venture Company with the name AMPIN C&lI
Power Twenty Private Limited on August 1, 2025.

AMPIN C&I Power Private Limited and Uflex Limited have agreed to subscribe to the share
capital of the said joint venture Company in proportion of 74:26.

Pursuant to the above, AMPIN C&I Power Twenty Private Limited has become an associate
of Uflex Limited

The details in terms of Regulation -30 read with SEBI Master Circular dated November 11,
2024, and December 31, 2024 is enclosed as Annexure — 1.

Kindly take the same on record.

Thanking you.

Yours faithfully,

For UFLEX LIMITED

RITESH
Digitally signed by RITESH
CHAUDHRY

CHAUDHRY
Date: 2025.08.02 09:25:51 +05'30'

(Ritesh Chaudhry)

Sr. Vice President - Secretarial &
Company Secretary

Encl : As above

Regd. Office: 305. 3rd Floor. Bhanot Corner. Pamposh Enclave. Greater Kailash-1, New Delhi-110045 Phone: +91-11-26440917 Fax: +91-11-26216922
CIN No. |.74899DL 1988P..C032166

# UFLEX LIMITED

## A part of your daily life’

Division/Office: CORPORATE - SECRETARIAL
Corporate Office: A-107-108, Sector-lV. Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar. NOIDA - 201301. (U.P.), India
Tel.: +91-120-4012345/2522558 Fax: +91-120-2442903
Website: www.uflexitd.com E-mail ID: sccretanal@uflexltd com

## Annexure — 1

### Details in terms of Regulation -30 read with SEBI Master Circular dated November 11, 2024 and December 31, 2024

| S.No. | Particulars | Details |
| --- | --- | --- |
| a) | Name of the target entity, details in brief such as AMPIN C&I Power Twenty Private Limited | Turnover: NIL (being a newly incorporated company) |
|  | Authorised Share Capital: Rs. 15,00,000/- | Subscribed Share Capital: Rs. 1,00,000/- |

b) Whether the acquisition would fall within related party transaction(s) and whether the promoter/ promoter group/group companies have any interest in the entity being acquired? If yes, nature of interest and details thereof and whether the same is done at “arm’s length”;

c) Industry to which the entity being acquired belongs; | Electric power generation using Solar Energy.

d) Objects and impact of acquisition (including but not limited to, disclosure of reasons for acquisition of target entity, if its business is outside the main line of business of the listed entity); and will set up a Solar Power Plant in Haryana. Uflex Limited will buy Solar Power generated by AMPIN C&I Power Twenty Private Limited on long term basis under the captive power plant policy which requires the captive user (i.e. Uflex Limited) to have at least 26% shareholding in the generating company.

e) Brief details of any governmental or regulatory approvals required for the acquisition | Not Applicable

f) Indicative time period for completion of the acquisition | The Company has been incorporated on 1" August, 2025.

g) Consideration - whether cash consideration or share swap or any other form and details of the same; | 100% subscription to Share Capital to be paid in cash. Rs. 1,00,000/- (face value of Rs. 10/- per share)

h) Cost of acquisition and/or the price at which the shares are acquired; | Rs. 1,00,000/-

i) Percentage of Shareholding / control acquired and/or Number of shares acquired; | 26% shares to be acquired

Dd Brief background about the entity acquired in terms of products/line of business acquired, date of incorporation, history of last 3 years turnover, country in which the acquired entity has presence and any other significant information (in brief); | This is a newly incorporated Company and therefore history of last 3 years turnover is not available

Regd. Office: 305. 3rd Floor. Bhanot Corner. Pamposh Enclave. Greater Kailash-1, New Delhi-110045 Phone: +91-11-26440917 Fax: +91-11-26216922
CIN No. l.74899DL 1988P..C032166