Here is the reformatted text in markdown:

# LCC Infotech Limited
*
Date: 29th July 2025

Enriching Lives 
To CC: National Stock Exchange of India, Listing Department; BSE Limited Listing Department,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 5th Floor, Exchange Plazza, Dalal Street, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001

Scrip Code: 532019 Scrip Code: LCCINFOTEC

Subject: Compliance Certificate as per Regulation 74(5) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018.

Dear Sir/Madam,

With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the certificate under Regulation 74(5) of SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018, received from S K Info Solutions Private Limited, Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2025. Kindly take the above information on your records.

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully

For LCC Infotech Limited


Vineet Jain
Company Secretary

Regd. Office: P-16.C/7, Road, Kolkata - 700014, CIN: L72200WB1995P005345
Corporate Office: Primarc Tower, Unit-801, Floor - 8, ON 36, Sector - V, Saltlake, Kolkata - 700064
E-mail: corporate@lccinfotech.co.in URL: www.lccinfotech.in Phone: 033 2357 0048


SK INFOSOLUTIONS PVT LIMITED

CIN NO: U72300WB2012PTC005345

(SEBI Approved Registrars & Share Transfer Agents with Connectivity of NSDL & CDSL)
0/42 Katju Nagar, Ground Floor. (Near: South City Mall) Jadavpur Kolkata
PIN-700032


Telephone No: 033-24120027 ยง 033-24120029 Fax No 033-24120027

Email id: contact@skinfo.com and skedilip@gmail.com

Website: www.skinfo.com


Ref No. SKC/LC/74 (5) Date: 07th July, 2026
M/S LCC INFOTECH LIMITED
P-16,C.1.T ROAD
KOLKATA
KOLKATA
PIN-700014
Unit: M/S LCC INFOTECH LIMITED
Sub: Certificate under Regulation 74(5) of the SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 for the quarter ended
30th June, 2025


Ref: NSDL/CIR/II/5/2019 dated 25th January, 2019
CDSL/OPS/RTA/POLICY/2019/14 dated 25th January,2019.
SEBI vide its letter ref no MRD/DOP2/DSA2/0W/2019/2498/1 Dated 24th January, 2019.


This has reference to the above-captioned regulation. We hereby confirm that the securities received
from the Depository participants for dematerialization during the quarter ended 30th June,
2025, were confirmed (accepted/rejected) to the depositories by us and that securities comprised in
the said certificates have been listed on the stock exchanges where the earlier issued securities are
listed.


We hereby also confirm that the security certificates received for dematerialization have been mutilated
and cancelled after due verification by the Depository participant, and the name of the Depositories has
been substituted in register of members as the registered owner within 15 days.

For S.K. Solutions Pvt Ltd